54747: Add "critical for failover" configuration reference in network… (#606)
freenas/freenas-docs: userguide/snippets/console_menu.rst

If the system has been licensed for High Availability (HA), the wizard
prompts for IP addresses for both :guilabel:`(This Node)` and
:guilabel:`(Node B)`.

> The wizard also prompts to mark an interface as critical for failover.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The wizard also prompts marking an interface as critical for failover.
```

> This allows logging in to the web interface available at the configured

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This allows logging in to the |web-ui| available at the
```

> virtual IP address after a failover happens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
virtual IP address after a failover.
```
